# 2000_1차_2000년-영어1(1형)

1. 다음 문장의 밑줄 친 “defunct”와 가장 가까운 뜻을 가진 단어를 고르시오.    The World Journal Tribune was an amalgam of three defunct New York City newspapers.  ① separate  ② interlocking  ③ flourishing  ④ extinct   ⑤ profitable2. 다음 문장의 ______ 부분에 가장 적절한 표현을 고르시오.   She got angry at her husband, who __________ the loss in her stock investment.  ① perched on         ② gloated over  ③ consorted with      ④ sympathized with  ⑤ covered up3. 다음 대화의 흐름상으로 _______부분에 가장 적합한 단어를 고르시오.A: What’s up? You look quite upset.B: A car nearly hit me. It was a close ___________.A: Did you get hurt?B: No. I just got startled.  ① prevention  ② call  ③ cure  ④ attention  ⑤ collusion4. 다음 문장의 __________ 부분에 적합하지 않은 단어를 고르시오.   Thank you for your application of June 18 for the __________ of Personal Assistant  to Ms. Frances Newman, our Sales Director.  ① opening  ② position  ③ post   ④ space   ⑤ vacancy5. 다음 대화의 __________ 부분에 적합하지 않은 문장을 고르시오.   A : What do you do for a living?   B : ___________________________  ① I live in an apartment.  ② I work for IBM.  ③ I work in a museum.  ④ I work at Sea World.  ⑤ I am a teacher.[6-8] 다음 문장의 밑줄 친 부분 중 틀린 곳을 고르시오.6. The good news is that researchers are beginning         ①          ②                   ③   the enormous task of making sense of the flood                             ④   of new genetic informations.              ⑤7. The more unsettled things are and fast they change,                    ①               ②   ③   the more valuable it is to keep multiple options alive.                        ④                         ⑤8. Put in language that differed slightly from session to     ①                   ②                   ③   session, globalization was the key issue discussing                                ④            ⑤   in the conference.[9-10] 다음을 읽고 어떤 용어에 대한 설명인지 고르시오.9. Process of purchasing goods and services from outside vendors rather than producing the same goods or providing the same services within the organization.  ① downsizing        ② cost        ③ outsourcing  ④ investment        ⑤ dumping10. The fundamental rethinking and redesign of business processes to achieve improvements in critical performance measures such as cost, quality, service, speed, and customer satisfaction.   ① revenue	   ② marketing	③ cost accounting  ④ budget	   ⑤ reengineering11. 다음 중에서 어법상 틀린 문장을 고르시오.  ① We are in the laboratory since four o’clock.  ② Whose is it?  ③ Would you like some coffee?  ④ We stopped to refuel at New York on our way to Tokyo.  ⑤ What color is John’s shirt?12. 다음 중에서 어법상으로 옳은 문장을 고르시오.  ① You will have to wait more five days for the delivery of the new bicycle.  ② The goldbeating process is an unique, complicated and precise one.  ③ The Yosemite National Park is known for the most beautiful in California.  ④ Having lived in Korea for six years, John Smith is used to speaking Korean.  ⑤ Why don’t you purchase an apartment that you feel comfortably?[13-14] 다음 대화를 읽고 물음에 답하시오. April : Rich, you look exhausted!Rich : I know. I didn’t get much sleep last night.April : What happened?Rich : Remember those guys I told you about?April : The ones that just moved in next door?Rich : Yeah. 파티가 또 열렸었는데 떠드는 소리에 한숨도 못 잤어.April : Well, something has got to be done. This has happened every weekend since they moved in!Rich : Yeah. Tell me about it. I finally had to call the police.April : I would have done the same thing. They shouldn’t be allowed to disturb people like that. And anyway, they should have at least invited you to the party!13. 대화 내용에 가장 잘 부합되는 것을 고르시오.  ① April is upset by her neighbors’ noises.  ② Rich was once invited to his neighbors’ party.  ③ April advises Rich how to deal with such rude people.  ④ Rich’s neighbors seem to have a party at least once a week.  ⑤ April called the police when her neighbors had a party last night.14. 위 대화에서 밑줄 친 우리말을 영어로 가장 잘 번역한 것을 고르시오.  ① They had party again, and they made me awake all the night.  ② They had another party, and the noise kept me awake all night.  ③ Another their boisterous party made me awake all through the night.  ④ I could not sleep all the night because the uproarious party held in their room.  ⑤ They had a party once more, and I could not sleep all night by the clamorous noisy.15. 다음 글을 읽고 내용에 가장 잘 부합되는 것을 고르시오.  The rush of companies on to the Internet has turned into crush of businesses trying to get noticed. Those who fail are quickly trampled underfoot. Marketing is what differentiates the winners from the losers, and advertising is therefore by far the biggest item in the budget of new-media companies. The rule of thumb is that 70% of the budget of an Internet company goes in marketing.  ① New-media companies have cut down their advertising cost.  ② New-media companies have to spend a large amount of money making themselves known.  ③ The Internet has offered the companies an efficient way of marketing.  ④ Getting on to the Internet has resulted in increasing the profit of the companies.  ⑤ Getting on to the Internet guarantees the companies to get noticed.16. 다음의 business letter와 관련된 사항은 무엇인지 고르시오. I have received a consignment of 6 dressing tables from you yesterday, my order No. 1695, which were ordered from your summer catalogue, Cat. No. GR154. But on unpacking them I found that six heavy mahogany-finished dressing tables had been sent, instead of the light pine-finished ones asked for.  ① complaint of damage   ② complaint of bad workmanship   ③ complaint of non-delivery   ④ complaint of wrong delivery    ⑤ reminder[17-18] 다음 글을 읽고 물음에 답하시오.  One thing is clear. Whether or not their children were tested at birth, all parents should be ________ the alert for possible hearing loss. Does your three-month-old daughter smile when you speak to her? Does your five-month-old like rattles? Being startled by loud noises doesn’t prove anything, since babies also pick up on vibrations.  Don’t forget the toxic effects of loud noises on you and your child. Turn down the TV and the stereo, and protect your ears while mowing the lawn and (I know this is a pipe dream) at rock concerts. The eyes may be the window to the soul, but the ears provide plenty of enrichment as well.17. 윗글의 내용과 가장 거리가 먼 것을 고르시오.  ① If your three-month-old baby smiles when you talk to her, her hearing may be all right.  ② A little baby who responds to loud noises has normal hearing.  ③ Turning up the TV can harm your hearing.  ④ People will not take measures to protect their ears at rock concerts.  ⑤ Babies can feel vibrations even if they cannot hear.18. ________ 부분에 알맞은 전치사를 고르시오.  ① on   ② from   ③ for   ④ in   ⑤ at[19-20] 다음 글을 읽고 물음에 답하시오.  Last week’s hacker attacks on such companies as Yahoo! Inc. have resonated all the way to the White House, but audience-measurement data suggest the incidents failed to change Internet users’ browsing behavior.  According to the latest numbers produced by Internet-research firm Media Metrix Inc., nearly all the sites affected by last week’s “denial of service” attacks had rebounded within days.    Traffic at Yahoo dropped 11% Feb. 7, the day it was shut down for nearly three hours, compared with the same day the week before.  But the number of unique visitors to the site was back to normal the next day, up 9% from the same day the prior week, Media Metrix’s numbers show.  The trend continued two days after the attack, when traffic was up 6% from the same day the previous week.  The trends were similar for online retailers Amazon.com Inc. and Buy.com Inc., as well as technology-news publisher ZDNet Group, a unit of New York media company Ziff-Davis Inc.  Numbers from Netratings Inc. also indicate little impact from the hackers.  But analysts said the attacks have hurt Internet users’ confidence in the Web. A poll released Monday by market-research firm PC Data Online found that more than 40% of people who access the Web from home said they are less likely to send credit-card data on the Web, and 37% said the attacks changed their opinion of the Web’s security. 19. 윗글에서  이번 해킹사건으로 인하여 Yahoo! Inc. 등의 회사가 결과적으로 가장 크게 잃은 것으로 보여지는 것을 고르시오.  ① audience-measurement data  ② support from the White House  ③ their employees  ④ Internet users’ confidence in the Web  ⑤ their laptop computers20. 윗글에서 Yahoo! Inc. 외에 해커의 공격을 받은 웹사이트나 회사를 고르시오.  ① Media Metrix Inc.      ② AT & T      ③ Ericsson  ④ PC Data Online        ⑤ ZDNet Group[21-22] 다음 글을 읽고 물음에 답하시오.   As they strive to achieve the performance goals of their organizations, managers should be keenly aware of their environmental and ethical responsibilities. Environmental violations (such as water and air pollution) and unethical and illegal practices (such as bribery and corruption) carry heavy fines and are prison offenses under the laws of the United States and other countries. But environmental responsibilities and ethical conduct extend beyond legal requirements.  Socially responsible companies set aggressive environmental goals and measure and report their performance against them. German, Swiss, Dutch, and Scandinavian companies report on environmental performance as part of a larger set of social responsibility disclosures (which include employee welfare and community development information). Some companies, such as DuPont, make environmental performance a line item on every employee’s salary appraisal report. Duke Power Company appraises employees on reducing solid waste, cutting emissions and discharges, and implementing environmental plans. The result: Duke Power has met all its environmental goals.  Ethical behavior on the part of managers is paramount. In particular, the numbers that subunit managers report should not be tainted by “cooking the books.” They should be uncontaminated by, for example, overstated assets, understated liabilities, and understated costs.21. 윗글에서 밑줄 친 “unethical and illegal practices”에 해당될 수 있는 항목을 고르시오.  ① residual incomes      ② moral hazard  ③ fictitious revenues    ④ salary reappraisal  ⑤ solid waste22. 윗글의 내용과 가장 잘 부합되는 것을 고르시오.  ① Managers are most responsible for their companies’ unethical and illegal practices.  ② Environmental violations are punished more severely than unethical practices in the United States.  ③ Codes of business conduct are circulated in some companies to signal appropriate and inappropriate individual behavior.  ④ Northern European companies set more aggressive environmental goals than companies of other parts of the world.  ⑤ Duke Power Company has attained all its environmental goals by routinely evaluating employees against a business code of ethics.[23-25] 다음 글을 읽고 물음에 답하시오.  The failure of the World Trade Organization meetings in Seattle has been interpreted by the opponents of globalization as a David-and-Goliath battle, with small nongovernmental organizations (NGO’s) as the victorious David and huge multinational corporations and their government champions as the vanquished Goliath.  This interpretation is wrong. The meetings broke down not because the opponents of globalization protested outside in the streets.  The proponents themselves were unable to reach a compromise on a negotiating agenda within the allotted time.  Behind the meetings’ collapse lie three causes: the immaturity of the WTO process; the large number of participants, many of whom were new to multilateral trade talks; and the complicated nature of the trade issues under discussion.  The Clinton Administration, which proposed the Seattle round in the first place, underestimated the risk that the talks would fail.  Then, the Administration further weakened the odds for success.  It delayed compromises on U.S. antidumping laws and textile quotas in return for concessions on trade in agriculture and services from the developing countries.  And it antagonized other nations by lobbying for a multilateral process to address labor issues despite nearly unanimous opposition.      23. 다음 중 윗글의 제목으로 가장 적합한 것을 고르시오.  ① The Clinton Administration and NGO’s  ② Global Environmental Organization  ③ U.S. Antidumping Laws  ④ WTO and Multinational Corporations  ⑤ What Really Sabotaged the WTO Meetings in Seattle?24. 다음 중 두 번째 문단 첫 번째 문장에서 밑줄 친 단어 “collapse”와 의미가 가장 가까운 것을 고르시오.  ① success     ② outcome     ③ failure  ④ result       ⑤ decision25. 윗글 마지막 문장에서 밑줄 친 단어 “it”가 가리키는 것을 고르시오.  ① the World Trade Organization  ② the city of Seattle  ③ the Clinton Administration  ④ trade in agriculture and services  ⑤ a developing country