# 2001_1차_2001년-영어(1형)

1. 다음 문장의 밑줄 친 단어와 뜻이 가장 가까운 것을 고르시오.Centuries of rough existence had bred a Roman acceptance of savagery and the conviction that life was a series of bleak choices. ① harsh   ② easy   ③ mild   ④ cheerful   ⑤ meticulous2. 다음 밑줄 친 부분과 바꿔 쓸 수 없는 것을 아래에서 고르시오. We cannot resist our urge to speculate on what will happen next, and when, and how much. ① divine  ② forecast  ③ foretell  ④ prophesy  ⑤ invest(3-5) 다음 문장의 밑줄 친 부분에서 어법상 틀린 곳을 고르시오. 3.  Scrapped was an old law that lets husbands kill adulterous      ①     ②                   ③            ④      ⑤  wives.4. The British, by and large, have long taken this view of odd                                   ①  behavior, which is why my homeland is still a relative free              ②                          ③         ④    and often eccentric place.           ⑤5. For the first time in a long while, there's no money           ①               ②                    ③      to make just by riding the economic and market momentum.      ④            ⑤(6-7) 다음 문장의 빈칸에 들어갈 전치사를 고르시오.6. The increase ______ students applying early results from the same demographic bulge that has made getting _____ tougher and tougher. ① in       ② of       ③ on       ④ for       ⑤ over7. We're going to celebrate tonight. We have decided to take them ______ for dinner to a fancy restaurant and then go ____ to a show. ① out-for		② away-through	③ off-on④ out-on		⑤ away-in8. 빈 칸에 가장 알맞은 것을 고르시오.   For the past three years I __________________ in a comprehensive study of the English education system. I had some of my education in the United States and I have been a frequent visitor to America ever since. ① have been engaged                 ② have engaged ③ was being engaged                 ④ had been engaged ⑤ engaged(9-10) 빈 칸에 가장 알맞은 것을 고르시오.9. The lands are unendingly subject to a complex of activities of ceaseless wearing down summarized in the term ___________.  ① revolution		② subdivision		③ relief  ④ cul-de-sac		⑤ erosion10. The establishment of the Third Reich influenced events in American history by starting a chain of events which _______________ in war between Germany and the United States. ① terminated		② adumbrated		③ happened ④ paraded		⑤ culminated(11-12) 다음 글을 읽고 물음에 답하시오.  Anger, fear, or the shock of sudden sorrow brings physical changes in our bodies. The digestion is shut down, the blood pressure is raised, the heart speeds up and the skin becomes cold. Maintained over a prolonged period, this emergency status makes the body―and the personality―tight, dry, and rigid.  In people who are afraid to let themselves ______ forth their painful emotions, doctors find the suppressed tears can trigger such ailments as asthma, migraine headache and many others.11. 윗 글의 제목으로 가장 적합한 것을 고르시오. ① Physical Changes in Our Bodies ② Physical Emergency Status ③ Interaction between Body and Mind ④ Personality Crisis in Youth ⑤ Mental Disease and Treatment12. 빈 칸에 들어갈 가장 적합한 어형을 고르시오. ① pouring		② pour			③ to pour ④ to be poured	⑤ being poured(13-14) 다음 글을 읽고 물음에 답하시오.  Most women need to work for financial reasons. And today they have more career options than ever. They are well educated, confident and technologically savvy, and they are entering a labor market that still desperately wants them. According to the Census Bureau, in 1998 nearly 60 percent of all women over 16 worked, compared to 43 percent in 1970. New mothers are, on average, returning to work more quickly: in 1998 nearly 62 percent of mothers with children under the age of 1 were working, up from 31 percent in 1975. And they are having children―or at least planning for them―at an earlier age: Andrea Truncali, 27, says she began thinking about having kids during her first year of medical school, when she learned about the risks of advanced maternal age. Indeed, the new generation places great importance on establishing their families. 󰡒These young people on the whole have grown up as children of divorce,󰡓 says Sheila Washington. 󰡒They may tend to value family more.󰡓 13. 오늘날 여성들에 대한 설명으로 올바른 것을 고르시오. ① Most women sacrifice marriage and children to career. ② Most women want to work for pleasure. ③ Most women are attracted to the idea of not working. ④ Most women try to keep balance between family and   work. ⑤ Most women undergo painful marriage crisis.14. 1970년이나 1975년에 비교할 때, 1998년의 여성에 대한 특징과 거리가 먼 것을 고르시오. ① The number of working mothers with babies has doubled. ② More than half of women over 16 years have jobs. ③ More women want to have children after they succeed in   their job. ④ More women are ready to recognize the importance of   family. ⑤ Women are more qualified in education, thus more   confident.   (15-16) 다음 글을 읽고 물음에 답하시오.  For 25 years, I have worked with many students like Annie who are behind their classmates in reading skills, and I have found that I can help almost every child learn. Annie's teacher made an enormous contribution, but she, like other teachers, couldn't always give so much personal time to one child. That's why there's a need for tutors who can teach the students facing the most difficulties. How? By becoming a friend, searching for what they truly care about ―their families, pets, hobbies―and then using that knowledge to help them learn to read. That's what I do. By seeing their feelings expressed on paper, my kids learn a solid base of vocabulary. The process also builds trust, since I make it clear that I will not grade them or reveal to others what they say.15. 이 글에 대한 제목으로 가장 적절한 것을 고르시오. ① How to Teach Children ② How to Build Trust ③ How to Read and Write ④ How to Become Friends ⑤ How to Grade Students16. 이 글을 쓴 사람에 대한 설명으로 올바른 것을 고르시오. ① She is impatient with children who do not read. ② She gives high grades even to retarded children. ③ She criticizes teachers since they spoil students. ④ She is authoritative to students. ⑤ She is a tutor, not a teacher.17. 다음 글을 읽고, 이 글의 내용과 일치하는 것을 고르시오.  At the top of the list for Cheney is exercise. Twice a week is just not good enough. The standard minimum recommendation―working out for 30 to 60 minutes three or four times a week―is for people who don't have a history of heart trouble. Gone are the days when doctors advised heart patients to limit their physical activity for fear of adding more stress on the heart. Dozens of studies have shown that heart patients need to work their muscles more, not less. ① Doctors of the old days advised heart patients to do more exercise. ② Heart patients should take less exercise than those who are healthy.    ③ Heart patients' muscles are stronger than those who are healthy. ④ Cheney should exercise more than three or four times a week. ⑤ Doctors of today suspect that much exercise causes stress on the heart.  (18-19) 다음 글을 읽고 물음에 답하시오.  Under the present system of mass education by large classes too much stress is laid on teaching and too little on active learning. The child is not encouraged to discover things on his own account. He learns to rely on outside help, not on his own powers, thus losing intellectual independence and all capacity to judge for himself. The overtaught child is the father of the newspaper-reading, advertisement-believing, propaganda-swallowing, demagogue-led man―the man who makes modern democracy the farce it is. Moreover, lessons in class leave him mainly unoccupied, and therefore bored. He has to be coerced into learning what does not interest him, and the information acquired mechanically and reluctantly, by dint of brute repetition, is rapidly forgotten. 18. 윗 글에서 현행 교육제도에 대한 저자의 태도는 어떠한가? ① critical		② diffident		③ sarcastic ④ understanding	⑤ optimistic19. 윗 글에서 현행 교육제도하에서 기대할 수 없는 것은 무엇인가? ① dependence      ② creativity       ③ sense of balance   ④ generosity       ⑤ modesty(20-21) 다음 글을 읽고 물음에 답하시오.   In Islam, marriage is basically a civil contract, although a certain amount of ritual has grown up around it. In traditional Muslim societies, marriage is arranged by the parents and formalized by a written contract. Usually the bridegroom's family makes an offer of money or property to the family of the bride as a part of the contract. The marriage ceremony, which is held at home, is essentially the witnessing and signing of the contract. A passage from the Koran might be read, and there is usually a feast following the signing of the contract. Marriages can be annulled for serious reasons, and divorce is possible and can be initiated by a wife as well as by a husband. Neither annulment nor divorce, however, is frequent. After marriage, a woman takes ______ a new, more responsible role. As a wife she has left the protection of her father and is now under the legal responsibility of her husband.20. 윗 글의 제목으로 가장 알맞은 것을 고르시오. ① Marriage and Muslim Bridegroom's Family ② Marriage in Traditional Muslim Societies ③ Marriage and Its Ceremony in Traditional Muslim Societies ④ Marriage and Its Feast in Traditional Muslim Societies ⑤ Marriage and Woman's Responsibility in Traditional   Muslim Societies21. 빈 칸에 알맞은 전치사를 고르시오. ① for     ② at       ③ on       ④ of       ⑤ out(22-23) 다음 글을 읽고 물음에 답하시오.   The shift from boom to depression came gradually and unevenly to Western Europe in the years around 1300. From the early fourteenth century through much of the fifteenth, a number of related trends―shrinking population, contracting markets, an end to the long process of land reclamation, and a creeping mood of pessimism and retrenchment―resulted in a general economic slump and a deepening of social antagonism. These trends were ____________ universal. They were less marked in northern Italy than elsewhere, and north of the Alps certain localities, profiting from favorable commercial situations or technological advances, became more prosperous than before. At a time when English towns were generally declining, Coventry and a few others grew wealthy from the rise of woolen cloth production. 22. 윗 글에 가장 적합한 제목을 고르시오. ① Technological Advances in European Cities in the Late   Middle Ages ② General Economic Depression in European Cities in the   Late Middle Ages ③ Prosperous European Cities and Markets in the Late   Middle Ages ④ Declining European Cities and Shrinking Population in the   Late Middle Ages ⑤ Different Economic Situations in European Cities in the   Late Middle Ages23. 빈 칸에 적합한 단어나 숙어를 고르시오. ① quite		② by no means	③ extremely ④ nevertheless	⑤ not merely(24-25) 다음 글을 읽고 물음에 답하시오.  Born in poverty, yearning for the sunlight of the Mediterranean world, he laboriously educated himself in Germany and cynically converted to Roman Catholicism to find patrons who would subsidize his life's mission. Winckelmann was what Freud would later call an exception: deprived and destitute, he felt entitled to extract from the world whatever rewards it held for him, by whatever means he could devise. Looking over the beautiful Roman prospect in 1763, finally having reached one of his destinations, Winckelmann wrote, as Pater quotes him: 󰡒One gets spoiled here; but God owed me this; in my youth I suffered too much.󰡓 His object, lucidly perceived and fanatically pursued, was beauty. And this beauty, as Pater could not deny, meant the male beauty.24. 윗 글의 내용에 알맞은 것을 고르시오 ① Winckelmann was seriously committed to Roman   Catholicism. ② Freud diagnosed that Winckelmann was a person of rare   exception. ③ Winckelmann tried zealously to attain happiness not   allowed to him in his youth. ④ Pater could not withhold his admiration for the male   beauty in Winckelmann.  ⑤ Winckelmann finally reconciled with himself, and died in   peace in Rome in 1763.25. 밑줄 친 “One gets spoiled here󰡓에 대한 설명으로 가장 적절한 것을 고르시오. ① In Rome Winckelmann was injured that he could not enjoy   life any more. ② In Rome Winckelmann found himself overindulgent over its   beauty. ③ In Germany Winckelmann's poor youth caused him too   much pain and suffering. ④ In Rome God injured Winckelmann's sense of beauty to   the point beyond healing. ⑤ In Rome Winckelmann found himself valueless and useless,   and felt miserable.