# 2002_1차_2002년-영어(1형)

(1-4) 밑줄친 표현과 뜻이 가장 가까운 것을 고르시오.1. The physicist did his best to diffuse his new theory of physics among scientists.  ① repute		   	② spread  ③ dissuade		   	④ eliminate  ⑤ experiment2. Frank felt it incumbent on him to pay for the damage, which was caused by his negligence.  ① obligatory           	② reasonable  ③ submissive          	④ superfluous  ⑤ recommendable3. During the dot-com era, America was on a roll.  ① at a standstill   ② at a high point   ③ totally flattened   ④ under a serious condition  ⑤ reduced to a previous level 4. Students who click their ballpoint pens in class drive me up a wall.  ① enrage me  ② enervate me   ③ make me laugh  ④ make me diffident  ⑤ make me enthusiastic(5-8) _______ 부분에 가장 적절한 것을 고르시오.5. Some people are gregarious; to the contrary, others _________.  ① arrive late			② are amicable  ③ are agreeable		④ are herbivorous  ⑤ keep to themselves6.  The most optimistic Latin American boosters proclaimed that the rise of world-class economies was ______ view. And, for a time, the rosy scenarios seemed _____ reach.  ① in -- in			   ② beyond -- in  ③ on -- beyond		   ④ within -- from  ⑤ with -- within7. The awareness of health risks and the prospect of parental punishment rarely seem to ________ middle and high school students from experimenting with cigarettes.  ① deter 			   ② deepen		  ③ deplore			   ④ degrade		  ⑤ decorate8. The humanitarian expressed his _______ for the technological progress when he said that the human race is just interested in finding more ________ ways of exterminating itself.  ① respect -- complete 	   ② aspiration -- violent  ③ contempt -- efficient	   ④ preference -- effective   ⑤ scepticism -- incomplete (9-10) 밑줄친 부분중 어법상 틀린 것을 고르시오.9. Cohen points to studies showing that, unlike their younger                              ①          ②   family members, the elderly who suffer from stress is more                                       ③            ④  likely to become ill.            ⑤ 10. Economically, the dynamism of the East Asian region          ①   is expected to be remained although the high growth rate          ②           ③                        ④   of the 1960s and early 1970s may not be repeated.                                        ⑤11. 어법상 틀린 것을 고르시오.   ① How often do you visit her?  ② How long will you be here?  ③ When will you be seeing her?  ④ Why didn’t you have your math class today?  ⑤ How come do you always want to go there?12. 만날 때의 인사말로 가장 적절하지 않은 것을 고르시오.  ① What’s up?		② Good night!   ③ Good morning!		④ Good afternoon!  ⑤ How are you doing?13. 다음 대화에서 추정할 수 있는 여자의 직업으로 가장 적절한 것을 고르시오. Man: What do you think? Woman: I’m afraid we have quite a bit of work to do on him, at least two fillings and maybe one extraction.  ① pilot           		② dentist   ③ accountant       		④ pharmacist   ⑤ housekeeper14. 다음 대화에서 _______ 부분에 가장 적절한 표현을 고르시오. A: Would you mind if I opened the window? B: _____________________  ① Yes. Please do.  ② I’d rather you didn’t.  ③ It’s grateful if you didn’t.  ④ I appreciated it if you didn’t.  ⑤ I’d be appreciated if you do.15. 다음 주장의 내용과 가장 거리가 먼 것을 고르시오.The steel industry claims this surge of imports was not a result of a fall in Asian currency values, but rather a conspiracy among European and Asian steelmakers to protect their own markets and dump on the United States.  ① 미국의 철강 수입량이 증가하였다.  ② 유럽 철강제조업체들은 미국에 덤핑을 계획하였다.  ③ 아시아 철강업체들은 자국 시장을 보호하려고 하였다.  ④ 아시아 통화가치의 하락이 미국의 철강수입량 증가의 원인이다.  ⑤ 유럽 철강제조업체들의 음모는 미국 철강수입량에 영향을 미쳤다.16. 다음 글의 내용상 밑줄친 부분에 가장 적절한 것을 고르시오.   Middle children usually look outside of the family for approval and acceptance and are therefore more sociable and less conservative than other children. They try to obtain from their peers the attention their older brothers and sisters received from their parents. By finding their strength outside the family, they learn valuable skills that prepare them for adult life. These might include diplomatic skills, the ability to listen and relate to others, and knowing how to compromise and negotiate. It is no coincidence that many middle children _________________________________.  ① often fail to get along well with people   ② identify with their parents’ values easily  ③ end up in managerial or leadership positions  ④ become selfish and dictatorial in later years  ⑤ are deprived of chances to prove their abilities (17-18) 다음 글을 읽고 물음에 답하시오.   It is safe to disregard the historical argument that stocks can’t fall again in 2002 because the stock market hasn’t fallen for three straight years since the Great Depression. The problem with this historical argument is that the market isn’t about history. It’s about the future. Or, more accurately, about the market’s view about the future. A company’s value today depends on its future profits and cash dividends and assets. It doesn’t depend on a company’s past numbers, because you can’t revisit the past.    Even if the U. S. economy turns around in 2002, which is a distinct possibility, stocks may not do well. __________ Today’s stock prices relative to companies’ dividends and projected profits are high by historical standards, and have already taken a better economy into account.17. 내용으로 보아 ________ 부분에 가장 적절한 것을 고르시오.  ① How can this be?  ② How can the U. S. economy turn around?  ③ How could you buy stocks at higher prices?  ④ But there seem to be good omens, as well.  ⑤ But it is better to rely on the past argument.18. 위 글의 내용과 가장 거리가 먼 것을 고르시오.  ① It is not wise to buy more stocks at this moment.  ②  The picture for the year 2002 stock markets looks murkier than in 2001.  ③ Investing on the basis of the existing statistics can be a loss.  ④  The stock investors of the U. S. experienced a favorable market in 2001.  ⑤ The U. S. economy will probably turn into a better phase in 2002 than in 2001.(19-20) 다음 글을 읽고 물음에 답하시오.   The engines of the world economy are now humming in China, Russia, and India. Look at the numbers now: the production of goods and services is expanding by 7.5 percent in China, 5.5 percent in Russia and 4.5 percent in India this year. _________, the United States, Europe and Japan are wallowing in or near recession. Were it not for China, India, and Russia, global output would likely be shrinking instead of rising by maybe 1 percent this year.    They are already far more connected to the global economy than the poorest economies, like those in sub-Saharan Africa, whose growth depends on factors like the weather and the snaillike pace of change in subsistence cultures. For the foreseeable future, most of those African countries will keep falling behind, as their economies just barely keep pace with the growth of their populations.    Russia, China and India are in control of their destinies. They participate vigorously in world trade. They are open to foreign investment. Their cultures cherish education, hard work and at least the goal of honesty in business and government--qualities essential for rapid economic growth. 19. 문맥상 ________에 가장 적절한 것을 고르시오.  ① Likewise			② By contrast  ③ For instance		④ To begin with  ⑤ In the beginning20. 중국, 러시아, 인도가 아프리카 저개발 국가들과 다른 점을 고르시오.    ① They refuse to be incorporated into the global economy.  ②  They focus on exporting agricultural products to trade partners.  ③  They have abundant natural resources available for development.  ④ They control their destinies, not depending on the whims of nature.  ⑤  They invest a huge amount of resources to build up military strength.(21-22) 다음 글을 읽고 물음에 답하시오.   The age of Muslim wars will end when its causes change or are changed. With the succession of generations, the intensity of Islamic consciousness may decline, as it clearly has in Iran. The resentment and hostility of Muslims toward the West could be reduced by changes in U. S. policies toward Israel. In the longer run, however, improvements in the social, economic, and political conditions in Muslim countries would be necessary. Governments that fail to meet the basic welfare and economic needs of their peoples and suppress their liberties generate violent oppositions to themselves and to Western governments that support them. So also do non-Muslim governments, like those of Russia, India and Israel, that attempt to control Muslim populations who prefer to be misruled by their own kind. While the disunity within Islam seems unlikely to abate significantly in the coming years, the demographic prospects are more optimistic. Birthrates in many Muslim countries have been going down. By the 2020s, the Muslim youth bulge will be shrinking. Conceivably, then, the age of Muslim wars could fade into history.21. 위 글에 나타난 무슬림 전쟁 종식의 요인과 가장 거리가 먼 것을 고르시오.  ① decline of Islamic consciousness   ② changes in U. S. policies toward Israel   ③ disunity within Islam in the coming years  ④ social and economic improvements in Muslim countries   ⑤ winding down of birthrates in many Muslim countries  22. their own kind가 지칭하는 것을 고르시오.  ① the Russians 		② the Indians   ③ the Israelites 		④ the Americans   ⑤ the Muslims(23-25) 다음 글을 읽고 물음에 답하시오. “Sending thank-you notes is becoming ①a lost art,” mourns Mary Mitchell, a syndicated columnist known as “Ms. Demeanor.” In her review, each generation, compared with the one before, is losing a sense of consideration for other people. “Without respect,” she says, “you have conflict.” Ms. Demeanor would be proud of me: I have figured out a way to ensure that my children always send thank-you notes. And ②such a gesture is important, says Ms. Demeanor, because “a grateful attitude is ③a tremendous life skill, an efficient and inexpensive way to set ourselves apart in the work force and in our adult lives. Teach your children that the habit of manners comes from inside--it’s an attitude based on respecting other people.”  A few years ago, as my children descended like piranhas on their parents under the Christmas tree, ④the only attitude I could see was greed. Where was the appreciation for the giver’s investment of time and effort? A thank-you note should contain three things: an acknowledgment of the gift (Love the tie with the picture of a horse on it); a recognition of the time and effort spent to select it (You must have shopped all over the state to find such a unique item!); and a prediction of how you will use your gift or the way it has enhanced your life (I’ll be sure to wear it to the next Mr. Ed convention!). So five years ago, I decided that the most opportune time to teach ⑤this basic courtesy is while the tinsel is hot.23. 위 글의 제목으로 가장 적절한 것을 고르시오.  ① Sending a Gift		     ② Avoiding Conflict  ③ Teaching Thank-You	     ④ Becoming a Lost Art  ⑤ Acknowledging a Gesture 24. 밑줄친 부분이 지칭하는 바가 나머지 넷과 다른 것을 고르시오.  ① a lost art			   ② such a gesture  ③ a tremendous life skill 	   ④ the only attitude  ⑤ this basic courtesy25. 감사 표시의 내용으로 가장 적절하지 않은 것을 고르시오.  ① A promise for a return gift  ② A prediction of how to use your gift  ③ An expression of your respect to the giver  ④ A prediction of the way the gift has enhanced your life  ⑤  The appreciation for the giver’s investment of time and effort