# 2003_1차_2003년-영어(1형)

(1-5) 밑줄 친 단어 또는 어구와 뜻이 가장 가까운 것을 고르시오.1. Because of an unfortunate blunder the complimentary tickets to the exhibition were not distributed until the day the exhibition closed.   ① senility	② occasion	③ scheme   ④ prevalence	⑤ oversight2. Congress emerged from its conflict with the President with its authority intact.   ① minimized	② removed	③ unimpaired   ④ intensified	⑤ determined 3. Could you help me do up this parcel, please, Tom?   ① wrap	② lift	③ open   ④ send out	⑤ lighten4. The idea has been around for ages without catching on.   ① being popular	② being reported	③ being verified    ④ being implemented	⑤ being canceled5. In the 1960's the upper level of Pennsylvania Station in         New York City was torn down and replaced by Madison       Square Garden.   ① detracted	② demoted	③ distended  	   ④ dismantled	⑤ duplicated(6-9) ______ 부분에 가장 적절한 것을 고르시오.6. _____________ there were a lot of attractive non-Asian women at school, I hesitated to approach them, because I imagined that they were only interested in Caucasian guys.   ① However	② As well as	③ Even though    ④ If	⑤ Despite7. As the state has shrunk in favor of the private sector, _____, too, have guaranteed jobs, apartments and support networks.   ( so	( as	( never     ( just	( like 8. Americans enjoy eating high-fat, sugary junk food and then exercise excessively. They heavily advertise alcohol and tobacco, while declaring a war on all other drugs. I find American attitudes about health ________.   ① contradictory	② mature	③ negative   ④ optimistic	⑤ academic9. Bush and his aids tried to draw a distinction between Iraq and North Korea _____ pointing to their record of defiance: though Saddam refused for four years to allow the world to check ______ he was trying to obtain nuclear weapons, North Korea, until this recent bout of turbulence, had at least frozen its plutonium process.   ① by - which	② by - whether	③ for - what     ④ for - that	⑤ in - what(10-12) 밑줄 친 부분 중 어법상 틀린 것을 고르시오.10. Nutritionists ①recommend that foods ②from each of the four ③basic groups be ④eaten on a ⑤regularly daily basis.11. Wal-Mart's centralization of power at ①its headquarters in Bentonville, Arkansas, could produce agitation ②among the store managers, ③who have been traditionally ④granted considerable independence in stocking ⑤that locals want.12. This reality, ①coupled with the socially divisive ②rhetoric loved and employed by populists, ③has led to violence ④and open the door to ⑤even worse authoritarian regimes.13. 대화의 흐름 상 빈칸에 가장 적절한 표현을 고르시오.  A: Are you coming to the party tonight?  B: _____________________  A: Great! I'll look forward to seeing you.   ① No, thanks.	② I am afraid I can't.   ③ You bet.  ④ Yes, you may.	⑤ Of course not.14. 다음의 사전 뜻풀이에 해당하는 단어를 고르시오.·a person legally declared unable to pay his or her debts·a person who lacks a certain quality or has failed  completely in some way  ① entrepreneur 	② bankrupt	③ consultant  ④ undertaker	⑤ accountant15. 아래의 “독자투고”에 담겨있는 불만으로 가장 적절한 것을 고르시오.  Your "50-year face-off" timeline on Korean history states: “1950-1953: North Korea invades South. U.S. and China fight proxy war on Korean soil.” Some 40,000 U.S. soldiers died during the Korean War, along with several thousand more allied troops; an estimated 400,000 Chinese troops were killed. Describing that as a proxy war is plain wrong.  ① 북한의 남침으로 한국전쟁이 시작되었다고 지적한 점  ② 통계 숫자가 잘못 인용되었다는 점  ③ 한국전쟁이 정의로운 것이었다고 지적한 점  ④ 한국전쟁이 미국과 중국의 대리전쟁이었다고 정의한 점  ⑤ 한국전쟁에서 미군이 중국군에 일방적으로 승리했다고      지적한 점16. 다음 글에서 저자의 어조로 가장 적절한 것을 고르시오.  Strawberries are now available in the markets, and what a winning crop! In contrast to last year's berries, which were badly affected by poor weather conditions, these are plentiful, delicious, and relatively inexpensive. They will make a fine climax to any meal, for instance, under a dollop of sour cream laced with brown sugar. In fact, these juicy berries are so sweet, they can stand very well on their own.  ① reminiscent	② gloomy	③ tolerant   ④ enthusiastic	⑤ cynical17. 다음 글에서 밑줄 친 It이 가리키는 것을 고르시오.   It was developed by a French inventor. He was injured in an accident involving one of his dad's sharp tools at the age of 3. He became severely handicapped after that. Despite his disadvantage, he propelled himself to the top of his elementary class. He was admitted at 10 to a royal  institution in Paris. There he was introduced to the raised-print system developed by the school's founder. Later he taught there. In order to make his instruction easier, he chose Charles Barbier's system of writing with points, evolving a much simpler one from that system. He was interested in music as well and for a time played the organ in a church in Paris. It consists of six raised points or dots used in 63 possible combinations. It is in use, in modified forms, for printing, writing, and musical notes.   ( 프린터	( 컴퓨터 자판	( 음표     ( 휠체어	( 점자18. 다음 글의 결론으로 밑줄 친 곳에 가장 적절한 것을 고르시오.  I agree with the need for racial and ethnic groups to want to strengthen their communities through intraracial marriage, especially when the group finds itself in the minority in a society. However, I believe that love is love and it is a person's right to date and choose whomever he or she wants regardless of ethnicity. Interracial relationships ___________ ______________. ① should be strictly banned in today's society ② should be encouraged just like intraracial relationships ③ are rarely found in advanced countries ④ are likely to hurt the independence of each race ⑤ are desirable only between two closely-related races(19-20) 다음 글을 읽고 물음에 답하시오.   Millions of Americans wake up to news about how unhealthy their air is, especially in the summer when air pollution is worst. Although many states have air that is much cleaner than it was twenty years ago, studies show over half of all Americans breathe polluted air.    The pollution problem is caused, in part, by expanding cities and suburbs. Many cities in the U.S. are overcrowded, forcing housing builders to start new communities on land outside city limits. This spread of housing developments and strip malls is called "urban sprawl." In major cities like Chicago, Washington, and New York, people who live in the suburban communities surrounding these cities must drive almost everywhere, including to their jobs. And as more people move to the suburbs and commute to the cities, the levels of traffic and pollution increase.    More cars on the streets and highways mean more traffic jams. And as cars sit in traffic, they burn gasoline and give off pollutants called hydrocarbons and nitrogen oxides. When sunlight hits these compounds, they form ozone, a dangerous form of oxygen. Ozone creates smog and makes daily life difficult for people across the country.  19.  The good news about the air in America is ____________.  ① less and less Americans drive to their jobs  ② the air in many of American states is much cleaner than it used to be  ③ the air is better in the winter than in the rest of the year  ④ the air quality in the United States is better than in other countries  ⑤ the levels of traffic and pollution have decreased as more      people commute to the cities20. 위 글의 내용과 가장 거리가 먼 것을 고르시오.  ① Urban sprawl occurs because many American cities are overcrowded.  ② Many Americans are aware of their unhealthy air.  ③ People who live in the suburbs and commute to the cities are increasing.  ④ The air quality in the suburban areas is getting better.  ⑤ Ozone is created when sunlight hits the pollutants given off by cars.(21-22) 다음 글을 읽고 물음에 답하시오.   Many years ago I was married (A)to/with a man who used to shout at me, "I do not give you the right to raise your voice to me, because you are a woman and I am a man." This was frustrating, because I knew it was unfair. But I also knew just what was going on. I ascribed his unfairness (B)for/to his having grown up in a country where few people thought women and men might have equal rights. Now I am going out with a man who is a partner and friend. We come (C)from/to similar backgrounds and share values and interests. It is a continual source of pleasure to talk to him. It is wonderful to have someone I can tell everything to, someone who understands.21. 위 글의 내용과 가장 일치하는 것을 고르시오. ① The author has never met a person who understands her. ② Her previous marriage failed because she couldn't adjust to a foreign country. ③ She has no idea about why her previous marriage had to fail eventually. ④ Her new partner is a better communicator with her than her previous husband. ⑤ She is happy with her new partner despite not having many things in common. 22. (A)와 (B)와 (C)에 가장 적절한 표현으로 이루어진 것을 고르시오.   ① to -- for -- from       ② to -- for -- to    ③ to -- to -- from	        ④ with -- to -- from   ⑤ with -- for -- to(23) 다음 글을 읽고 물음에 답하시오.   The real heroes of the fight against drugs are the teenagers who resist the ghetto's fast track―those who live at home, stay in school and juggle their studies with a low-paying job. The wonder is that there are so many of them. "Most of our youngsters are not involved in drug," says the chief judge of one juvenile court in Michigan. "Most are not running around with guns. Most aren't killing people. Most are doing very well―against great odds." These are the youngsters who fit Jesse Jackson's words: "You were born in the slum, but the slum wasn't born in you."23. The author's attitude toward ghetto teenagers who live at      home, stay in school, and work is ____________.  ① hesitant           ② admiring        ③ neutral    ④ indifferent        ⑤ critical(24-25) 다음 글을 읽고 물음에 답하시오.  The American Cancer Society issued new guidelines last week for mammograms, recommending that women in their 40s have the breast cancer screening performed annually. Old guidelines recommended mammograms every one to two years beginning at age 40, and every year beginning at age 50. A panel of experts made the new recommendation earlier this month, and the society's board of directors approved it this weekend. Annual mammograms for younger women, the panel said, should save lives ― possibly as many as 10,000 in the next five years. "The current average two-year interval between mammograms may be ________________ for this age group and their faster-growing cancers," said Dr. Susan Hayward, a surgeon from the University of Wisconsin Medical Center.24. 위 글에서 언급된 내용을 고르시오.  ① The recommended frequency of mammograms for women with children  ② The number of women who are suffering from breast cancer  ③ The breast cancer screening guidelines released prior to the new ones  ④ The expertise and moral standard of the board of directors  ⑤ The number of directors of the American Cancer Society25. 밑줄 친 부분에 가장 적절한 것을 고르시오.  ① too long  ② too short  ③ frequent enough  ④ short enough   ⑤ long enough