# 2004_1차_2004년-영어(1형)

⊙ 각 문제의 보기 중에서 물음에 가장 합당한 답을 고르시오.(1-8) 밑줄 친 단어 또는 구와 뜻이 가장 가까운 것을 고르시오.1. They have a reliable method of searching for hidden springs of water.① special		② creative		③ different④ dependable		⑤ secret2. There seems to be something fishy going on.① suspicious		② amusing		③ ridiculous④ miserable		⑤ admirable3. I was appalled by the remark that the lack of democracy and human rights in Southeast Asia threatens its long-term growth.① convinced		② shocked		③ infuriated④ stimulated		⑤ impressed4. That caused considerable mirth among pupils and sports masters.① animosity		② hilarity		③ trust④ consensus		⑤ responsibility5. In many countries, there are still proportionately fewer women in the most lucrative and traditionally male-dominated professions.① having special authority② full of respect③ having much knowledge④ producing wealth or profit⑤ of supreme importance6. A young Japanese exchange student was gunned down by a homeowner who suspected him of trespassing.① taking another’s property dishonestly② organizing a secret group to commit a crime③ revealing secret information for one’s own profit④ doing serious harm to innocent people⑤ entering another’s land or property without permission7. The Prime Minister came up to Nancy to ask her some questions.① told		② counted on		③ forced	④ requested		⑤ approached8. Investment flows into Asia’s emerging markets are set to accelerate this year, with China taking the lion’s share of direct investment.① the benefits	② the outcome		③ the first half④ the largest part	⑤ the by-products(9-10) 다음의 뜻풀이에 해당하는 가장 적절한 용어를 고르시오.9. The amount of money that could be earned by putting financial resources to the best alternative use, compared with the one being considered.① net income	② purchase		③ total cost	④ assets		⑤ opportunity cost10. A company’s ability to meet current obligations with cash or with other assets that can be quickly converted to cash.① liquidity		② consignment		③ merger	④ installment	⑤ profitability(11-12) 밑줄 친 부분에 들어갈 가장 적절한 것을 고르시오.11. Much of the population in developing countries may not have the basic skills _____________ to continue with higher education when it is offered.① need		② has needed		③ needing④ needed		⑤ that needs12. In a court of law, judges are not           let personal feelings influence their judgment.① supposing to		② supposed to③ supposed			④ suppose to	⑤ suppose(13-15) 밑줄 친 부분 중 어법상 틀린 것을 고르시오.13. With ① a little practice and experience, you ② should be able to ③ learn to create whatever impression you want ④ to create it  ⑤ during the presentation.14. Chinese picture writing, ① like Egyptian hieroglyphics, began ② thousands of years ago ③ with pictures that really ④ looked alike the objects they ⑤ named.15. ① Committing itself to expanding the mobility solutions ② for business, telecommunication companies are developing ③  a suite of mobile devices and applications ④ to equip corporate leaders with powerful tools ⑤ that allow rich person-to-person communication.16. 어법상 틀린 것을 고르시오.① Can I borrow you a stamp?② We go to bed late on Saturdays.③ I’ve known John for ten years.④ I look forward to hearing from you.⑤ She hardly ever gets angry with me.17. 밑줄 친 부분 중 어법상 틀린 것을 고르시오.① I am sorry to have missed the concert.② Whenever I see her, she is working in the garden.③ The goalkeeper had injured his leg, and couldn’t play.④ We got up at 5 a.m. every morning all through the summer.⑤ At this rate, the guests will be drunk before they will leave.18. 밑줄 친 which가 어법상 옳게 사용된 것을 고르시오.① The house which the roof was damaged has now been repaired.② This is a system which virtual conversations can take place in real time.③ You’re not allowed to smoke in any room which he  currently occupies.④ The veterinarian has described all the conditions which a horse can suffer abdominal pain.⑤ The extent which the policy had promoted our interests was questionable.(19-20) 주어진 문장을 영어로 가장 잘 옮긴 것을 고르시오.19.  우리는 가까운 장래에 상황이 호전될 것이라는 데 거의 의심을 하지 않는다.① We have a few doubt at all that things will improve in the near future.② There is little doubt among us that things will improve in the near future.③ It is needless to say that we have improved things sooner or later.④ A few of us doubt that things are going to improve in the too not distant future.⑤ We almost agree that things will be improved in the fairly distant future.20.서울의 1월 날씨는 어때요?① What’s the weather like in Seoul in January?② How’s the weather like in January in Seoul?③ What’s the weather in Seoul in January?④ How’s the weather like in Seoul’s January?⑤ What’s in the weather in January in Seoul?21. 식당에서 웨이터가 주문을 받기 위해 고객에게 하는 말로 적절하지 않은 것을 고르시오.① What would you like, ma’am?② What will you have, sir?③ Are you ready to order?④ Good evening. Have you decided yet?	⑤ What’s today’s special?22. 다음 대화에서 B의 응답으로 적절하지 않은 표현을 고르시오.A: Should I tell Mike about the accident?B: ____________________________________① No, you shouldn’t have told him.② Of course. He is your best friend.③ No, I would rather he didn’t know it.④ Well, I already told him.⑤ Why don’t you wait until tomorrow?23. 다음 글의 내용과 부합하는 것을 고르시오.   A good speaker almost invariably is someone who can listen to or “read” the mood or tenor of an audience, even when the audience is not communicating verbally. Good speakers can sense nervousness, restlessness, or hostility among a group, and they learn to use the mood of the crowd to their own advantage. Listening also involves asking questions and paying attention to the answers.① Good speakers read many books on diverse subjects.② Today, listening usually requires special technological devices.③ Good speakers are sensitive to their audience.④ Processing information has nothing to do with asking questions.⑤ Non-verbal communication is not important in understanding others.(24-27) 밑줄 친 부분에 들어갈 가장 적절한 표현을 고르시오.24.    Finland is the first country to have more mobile phones than traditional fixed-line units. Virtually every man, woman and teenager here carries a mobile telephone. The most common Finnish word for “cellular phone” is kannykka. That translates roughly to “little hand,” so that linguistically, at least, such a phone is now considered a _____________.① hand-made device			② symbol of status③ part of a body			④ high-tech product  ⑤ luxurious item25.   In an effort to grab a bigger share of the $17 billion Americans are expected to spend this holiday season, some of the most popular Web sites have made dramatic changes to make shopping a snap. _____________________, however. Shoppers should be aware that the initial search results provided by nearly all sites feature the retailers that pay the most. Only by clicking again and sorting by price do consumers get objective advice.① Shopping should be facile② Facile doesn’t mean foolproof③ Shopping absolutely has gotten easier④ Most popular Web sites are foolproof⑤ That should make your shopping a little merrier26.   Sign and signal language is a system of communication that does not use the human voice or natural speech. Some sign language is based on a code of hand and arm gestures or movements of other parts of the body. Other sign language, called signaling, refers to the transmission of information by visible and audible signals. Some gestures and signals in sign language may convey actual ideas or directions. For example, a traffic director blows a whistle and holds up his or her hand, palm facing out, in order to make traffic stop.             , other signals are symbolic; that is, they convey some idea associated with, but not the same as, themselves.① Fortunately	② For this reason	③ As a result④ In short		⑤ In contrast27.   At the risk of sounding like your mother, I am going to tell you to “stop slouching and stand up straight.” Not that _______________ will cause some dread disease or turn you into a laughingstock. But perpetually allowing your body to stand or sit in misaligned position can exact an unpleasant toll on your physical well-being and possibly your social stature.① obesity		② exhaustion		③ malnutrition④ poor posture	⑤ excessive workout28. 다음 중 글의 흐름에 맞지 않는 것을 고르시오.① During the first two years, boys and girls generally do not differ in competence. ② It appears that what babies can do under good conditions has relatively little to do with their gender, at least during the first year or so of infancy. ③ Boys and girls sit upright at about the same age and stand and walk at about the same time. ④ In fact, all the major milestones develop at about the same rate. ⑤ As a result, one-year-old boys engage in more gross motor activity than one-year-old girls do. 29. Wind-Wolf에 관하여 글의 내용과 일치하지 않는 것을 고르시오.Dear Teacher,   I would like to introduce you to my son Wind-Wolf. He is probably what you would consider a typical Indian kid. He was born and raised on the reservation. He has black hair, dark brown eyes, and an olive complexion. And, like so many Indian children of his age, he is shy and quiet in the classroom. He is five years old, in kindergarten, and I don’t understand why you have already labeled him a “slow learner.”① His father seems to be complaining to his teacher.② He was brought up on the Indian reservation.③ He looks like a typical Indian boy.④ He is very active in class.⑤ He has an olive-colored skin.(30-31) 다음 글을 읽고 물음에 답하시오.   Through generations of hard work, the people of Shanghai have transformed what was once an obscure fishing village 700 years ago into Asia’s most promising metropolis. Since China opened its doors to foreign investment 25 years ago, Shanghai has led the nation in the reform and opening up of its economy. Doing business with the rest of China and the world is Shanghai’s top priority.   _________________________________. In 2002, Shanghai registered as many as 6,427 new domestically invested enterprises and signed 420 agreements for investment in projects in other parts of the country. Total domestic investment in 2002 was $2.94 billion. Foreign investment is pouring into Shanghai. Some 104 countries and regions invest here. In 2002, a further $10.58 billion flowed into the economy from foreign companies.30. 밑줄 친 부분에 들어갈 가장 적절한 표현은?① Shanghai is full of historic sites② The results speak for themselves③ This has proven a complete failure④ People are concerned about overpopulation⑤ The past and the present exist together31. 상하이에 대한 언급 중에서 글의 내용과 일치하지 않는 것은?① 700년 전에는 잘 알려지지 않은 어촌 마을에 불과했다.② 중국의 해외 투자 문호개방 이후 경제개방을 선도해왔다.③ 2002년에 420개의 해외 기업들과 투자협정을 체결했다.④ 2002년에 약 30억 달러의 국내 투자가 이루어졌다.⑤ 현재 100여 개의 국가 및 지역들이 이곳에 투자하고 있다.(32-33) 다음 글을 읽고 물음에 답하시오.   For more than 30 years, most researchers agreed that the healthiest diets were those low in percentage of calories attributable to fat. Now they realize that there are good types of fat as well as bad ones. The good fats―found in foods like fish, olive oil, avocados and walnuts―actually improve cholesterol levels in the blood. As for the bad fats, there are now two villains instead of just one. Saturated fats―typically found in red meat, butter and ice cream―are still champion artery cloggers. But trans fats―found primarily in processed foods, such as margarines and many commercially baked or fried foods but also in whole milk―may be even worse.32. 글의 제목으로 가장 적절한 것은?① Why Should We Lose Fat?② Ways to Cook Low Fat Foods③ Are All Fats Harmful?④ Lowering Blood Pressure⑤ Diets for Balanced Nutrition33. 밑줄 친 two villains의 범주에 속하는 것들로만 알맞게 짝지은 것은?① olive oil, walnuts		② avocados, ice cream③ fish, red meat		④ butter, whole milk⑤ walnuts, margarines(34-35) 다음 글을 읽고 물음에 답하시오.   We are a nation of givers. Last year, as the stock market lost nearly a quarter of its value, as millions of people lost jobs, and as many others lost sleep worrying about terrorism and imminent war, Americans nonetheless gave a record $241 billion to    charitable causes. While foundations and corporations contributed a good chunk of    the philanthropic pie, the overwhelming majority of    those billions was given by ordinary Americans. Tapping a vast national reservoir of goodwill, two thirds of households, rich and poor, reached deep into their pockets last year and pulled out an average gift of $2,499. The bulk of    the nation’s largess―35 percent―went to religious institutions, followed by education, which netted 13 percent of    our generosity. We gave not just of our money but also of our time. Nearly half of the adult population, about 84 million people, volunteered to feed the hungry, coach the kids, and comfort the sick.34. 밑줄 친   ∼  에서 가리키는 바가 나머지 넷과 다른 하나는?  ①   		②   		③   	④   	⑤   35. 글의 내용과 일치하는 것은?① Most of the donation came from business corporations.② Religious institutions received 13 percent of the donation.③ The largest portion of the donation went to educational institutions.④ Almost half of Americans spared some time to volunteer for the needy.⑤ Two out of three families in America donated some money to charities.(36-37) 다음 글을 읽고 물음에 답하시오.   In American ideology, the individual reigns supreme. Historically, our culture has championed no single group, but it has championed the idea of the individual man or woman. The historian Frederick Jackson Turner proposed that the westward expansion and frontier experience of the 19th century was a major force in shaping    this aspect of our national character.   In fact, we train our children to define and distinguish themselves from their peers, to be self-reliant and autonomous. Indeed, from a very early age, selfhood and independence are stressed. Children learn they must stand on their own two feet in a competitive world where self-reliance and self-realization are the name of the game.   It is    ___________ then that in comparison to many other cultures, we are more tolerant of individual differences and non-conformity.36. 밑줄 친   가 가리키는 것으로 가장 적절한 것은?① pragmatism	② ethnocentrism	③ individualism④ realism		⑤ collectivism37. 밑줄 친   에 들어갈 가장 적절한 것은?① not provable			② unreasonable③ out of the question		④ not surprising⑤ extraordinary(38-40) 다음 글을 읽고 물음에 답하시오.       ChevronTexaco, General Motors, Intel, United Technologies, Honda. What links these disparate companies? All have put research or investment dollars into the nascent technology of fuel cells, which turn hydrogen into electricity. Besides big auto and oil companies, a few dozen smaller outfits are trying to make their mark in    this speculative field.   This raises the question:    ________________________ The attractions are clear. Someday the world will run out of oil, and hydrogen cells are a likely replacement. For cars, fuel-cell engines are up to 55% efficient, versus 30% for internal combustion engines. Fuel cells don’t pollute; their exhaust is water.   Now for a few pieces of the    __________. Fuel cells are hugely more expensive than gasoline engines. The hydrogen doesn’t pollute, but the power plant for the electricity to make the hydrogen probably does. Finally, shipping hydrogen is a monumental challenge. It has to be either superchilled or supercompressed.38. 밑줄 친    this speculative field가 가리키는 것으로 가장 적절한 것은?① car manufacturing② oil refining③ fuel-cell technology④ hydrogen shipment⑤ generating electricity39. 밑줄 친   에 들어갈 가장 적절한 것은?① Why do we have to protect our environment?② Should the small companies be investing, too?③ Who first developed fuel-cell engines?④ How do big auto and oil companies make profits?⑤ Can we find out the secret of gasoline engines?40. 밑줄 친   에 들어갈 가장 적절한 단어는?① downside		② syndrome		③ technology④ investment	⑤ innovation