# 2005_1차_2005년_영어1형

◉ 각 문제의 보기 중에서 물음에 가장 합당한 답을 고르시오.(1-6) 밑줄 친 단어 또는 구와 뜻이 가장 가까운 것을 고르시오.1. The French used to think that their Maginot Line was an impregnable fortress against a German invasion.  ① whole		② unconquerable	③ barren     ④ elaborate	⑤ ultimate2. There was a nation-wide outcry when the government announced it was going to raise income-tax by 10 percent.  ① trouble		② promotion		③ protest  ④ relief		⑤ reaction3. Legislation is often in place to ban hunting for commercial gain, but it is difficult to implement this.  ① control		② permit		③ obey  ④ advocate	⑤ enforce4. Our check is in the mail; we have remitted the full amount.  ① discounted	② contributed		③ sent  ④ earned  	⑤ withdrew5. It was foolish of me to trust him but he was a real charmer by whom I was completely taken in.  ① deceived	② accepted		③ pleased  ④ favored		⑤ overwhelmed6. These houses are a testament to the craftsmanship of the builders who erected them last century.  ① concern 	② match	  	③ suit  ④ demonstrate	⑤ accomodate(7-10) 밑줄 친 부분 중에서 어법상 틀린 것을 고르시오. 7. ①Much of the city's housing stock was built ②in a rush after the war, when an ③impoverished Japan was more interested in getting its cities ④rebuild quickly than in constructing ⑤tremor-proof architecture.8. When the ①flock changes direction in flight, the birds watch those ②ahead of them and ③times their reactions to create a wave of movement that occurs ④too rapidly for the human eye to catch what ⑤is happening.9. ①A good deal of human behavior is ②predictable, if we ③know people tend to follow ④the most of the time a pattern not ⑤of their own making.10. Batteries, crystals and chips ①combine to produce  ②remarkably accurate watches ③which timekeeping rarely strays ④by more than one or two seconds ⑤each month. (11-12) 밑줄 친 부분에 들어갈 가장 적절한 것을 고르시오.11. “The college entrance exam was really difficult for me. I'm afraid I may have failed.” “Well,         you should study harder and take the exam again.”    ① in case of		② in no case    ③ just in case		④ in that case   ⑤ in case12. The reduction in CO2 emissions, while less radical than         imposed on German industry, is in keeping with the spirit of the Kyoto pact.   ① such		② which		③ so   ④ what		⑤ that (13-14) 괄호 속에 들어갈 가장 적절한 용어를 고르시오.13. When you obtain a (      ) to buy a house, what you are really doing is persuading a bank to buy a house for you and let you live in it in exchange for your promise to pay back the bank, with interest, over a period of years.  ① proxy		② lease		③ property  ④ revenue		⑤ mortgage14. When a company earns profits, it typically reinvests some in itself and distributes the rest to its shareholders, who are the company's owners. These profit distributions are typically paid quarterly or annually and are called (     ).   ① margins	② dividends		③ equities   ④ odd lots	⑤ options(15-17) 대화의 흐름상 빈칸에 들어갈 가장 적절한 표현을 고르시오.15. A : This coffee tastes strange. Has anyone complained about it?    B :        . Everyone seems pretty happy with it.   ① Not that I know of   ② That is no excuse   ③ I'm not into it   ④ Let me get back to you on that   ⑤ That was a close call16. A : So, where are you staying in New York?    B : I'm staying at the Grand Hyatt Hotel.    A :         I checked in last night. Can we meet there later for coffee?   ① No way!		   ② Do you need a ride?	 	   ③ What a coincidence!	   ④ What do you mean?	   ⑤ What are you up to?17. A : Have you seen the rain? It's pouring out there!     B : No, really? Gee, I forgot to bring my umbrella.         Could I borrow your umbrella?    A : I'm sorry. I was in such a hurry this morning that         .    ① I didn't bring mine, either   ② I almost missed the shuttle   ③ I could get it for you   ④ I hoped it would stop raining soon   ⑤ I forgot to buy one for you(18-20) (A) 와 (B) 에 들어갈 가장 적절한 것을 고르시오.18. Biologists have long held that the genes of chimpanzees and humans are about 98.5 percent (  A  ). But a new study shows that the genetic similarity between the two is only about 95 percent. It is believed that the new study should help biologists figure out how species branched off each other over the course of (  B  ).     (A)(B)①like-evolution ②same-revolution ③similar-revolution④identical-evolution ⑤identical-revolution19. War can happen for a variety of reasons: one nation may want to (  A  ) its territory and take control of neighboring countries, or one country may attack another country that it perceives as threat. As a war intensifies, other regions or countries may become involved. Whatever the reasons, the consequences of war are always (  B  ). Lives are lost, and property and other resources are destroyed.   (A)(B)①define-imaginable②expand-destructive③occupy-horrible④confine-influential⑤share-reasonable20. As the low-pressure eye of the hurricane sits over the ocean, the sea level literally rises into a dome of water. For every inch drop in barometric pressure, the ocean rises a foot higher. Now, at sea, that means nothing. The rise is not even (  A  ). But when that mound of water starts moving toward land, the situation becomes (  B  ). As the water approaches a shallow beach, the dome of water may rise ten to fifteen feet in an hour and span fifty miles.   (A)   (B)①offensive-stable②damaging-harmless③high-unsteady④noticeable-critical⑤great-improved(21-24) 밑줄 친 부분에 들어갈 가장 적절한 것을 고르시오.21. Gemesis, a firm in Sarasota, Florida, has perfected a technology that uses high pressures and temperatures to mimic the way diamonds form naturally in the earth. Gemesis is now selling rare colored diamonds for up to 75 percent less than the market rate for natural diamonds that are by most measures identical. At least three other companies are known to be working on these technologies. Mother Earth no longer has        .   ① a skill in mining diamonds   ② a monopoly on making diamonds   ③ a workmanship of grinding diamonds   ④ an edge over marketing diamonds    ⑤ a wish for wearing diamonds22. In the past few months a growing number of Internet users have been abandoning Internet Explorer for Firefox. Though Explorer is still by far the champion, its 90-plus percent market share is shrinking. For Bill Gates, the idea of a shift to some other browser is a disruption to the natural order of things. “Explorer is going to be the primary browser used on Windows, and for anyone to suggest otherwise is just irresponsible,” he said in October last year. Seventeen million Firefox downloads later, it's clear that rhetoric alone won't        .   ① share profits   ② advance this technology   ③ stem this tide    ④ produce new browsers   ⑤ follow this trend23. Advertising is everywhere people are, and it appeals to our fantasies: happiness, material wealth, and power. Through carefully selected images and words, it is the most pervasive form of persuasion and the most significant manufacturer of meaning in our consumer society. But           . Most of us are so accustomed to advertising that we hear it without listening and see it without looking. However, if we stop to examine how it works on our subconscious, we would be amazed at how powerful and complex a psychological force it is.    ① many of us are not aware of its amazing influence on us     ② we cannot overestimate its possible harm        ③ actually, it has nothing to do with our fantasy   ④ it is accompanied with some problems which prevent us from regarding it as a psychological phenomenon    ⑤ its value lies in its contribution to our society24. Storytelling is a persistent form of popular entertainment, whether people tell ghost stories around a campfire or watch a television set. One of the pleasures of listening to stories is suspending         and entering into the imaginary world that storytelling creates. It does not matter so much whether the story is true or could have happened. What matters is that listeners know their feelings and their responses to a story are real.    ① decision	② disbelief		③ fear   ④ thrill		⑤ anxiety  25. 다음 글의 내용과 일치하는 것을 고르시오.     For nearly a hundred years, working hours in the United States had been declining. When this decline abruptly ended in the late 1940s, it marked the beginning of a new era in worktime. But the change was barely noticed. Equally surprising, but also hardly recognized, has been the deviation from Western Europe. After progressing in tandem for nearly a century, the United States turned toward declining leisure, while in Europe work has been disappearing. Forty years later, the differences are large. U.S. manufacturing employees currently work 320 more hours than their counterparts in Europe.   ① 노동시간의 변화는 잘 인지되었다.       ② 현재 유럽은 제조업에서 미국보다 노동시간이 더 길다.    ③ 미국에서는 1940년대 이후 노동시간에 비례하여 노동자의 급여가 증가하여 왔다.   ④ 미국에서는 1940년대 이후 근로자의 복지여건이 크게 개선되었다.   ⑤ 미국은 1940년대 후반 이후 근로자의 여가시간이 감소하여 왔다. 26. 다음 글의 내용에서 유추할 수 있는 것을 고르시오.     Frank Sinatra is well-known for his effort upon women in the audience. His reputation as a singer who made the girls swoon, however, began in 1942 at a low point in his career. Then publicity agent George Evans had an idea to make the singer more popular. Evans hired twelve young girls and paid them to jump, scream, moan, and faint when Sinatra sang. The night of the concert, when Sinatra started singing, the twelve hired girls obediently went to pieces. Their example was so contagious that thirty girls in the audience fainted. The next day, newspapers were full of pictures of girls being carried out of the theater after Sinatra sang. The singer's reputation was made.   ① George Evans was the sole influence on Sinatra's career.   ② All the girls screamed and fainted at Sinatra's concert voluntarily.   ③ Publicity stunts can strongly influence a show business career.   ④ Sinatra had no success as a singer even after 1942.    ⑤ Young men did not enjoy Sinatra's singing.27. 지구 온난화에 대한 다음의 내용과 일치하는 것을 고르시오.      There were negative aspects of global warming, of course. The steppes of Asia and parts of California, for instance, suffered dry periods. But overall, our experience of global warming in the medieval age should reassure us greatly. The latest evidence supports such optimism, say many scientists. The prospective warming is expected to moderate low night-time and winter temperatures rather than raise day and summer-time highs. Thus, it will produce little added stress on plants, trees, or people. The expected increase in carbon dioxide (CO2) levels due to the burning of fossil fuels could create a “plant heaven”. CO2 acts as fertilizer for plants. More than a thousand experiments show that increased CO2 would raise crop yields.    ① 캘리포니아와 아시아의 초원지대 우기를 연장시켰다.   ② 밤과 겨울의 기온을 낮출 것이다.   ③ 이산화탄소를 증가시켜 결국 생태계를 파괴한다.   ④ 이에 대한 부정적인 의견이 갈수록 커지고 있다.   ⑤ 이산화탄소를 증가시켜 농작물의 수확을 늘일 수 있다.28. 다음 중 글의 흐름에 맞지 않는 문장을 고르시오.     One day when I got home, I found I had lost my purse.  I immediately retraced my steps as far as the drugstore on Date Street, where I had bought some medicine. ①But there was no sign of my purse anywhere, at least not in the streets or on the sidewalks. ②Fortunately, there was not much money in it. ③But it also contained a photograph of my daughter, which I was very fond of. ④I finally went to the police station to ask if the purse had been found. ⑤I was happy to learn that someone had been arrested for stealing it. The police officer made a note of the name and address of the man who had found it, so I was able to write and thank him.29. 다음 글의 내용과 일치하는 것을 고르시오.     Nail-biting is a hard habit to break, but if you set your mind to it, you will be able to do it. Start by asking your family to gently remind you when they see you with your fingers in your mouth. By asking your family to help you think about it, you will be on your way to solving the problem. If you bite your nails while watching television, take up a hobby such as needlework or building plastic models. Fingers that are busy won't have time to be in your mouth. If you bite your nails when you are nervous, try sitting on your hands until the urge goes away. It may take a while to get this habit under control, but if you stick with it, you will reach your goal.   ① One should never start biting nails.   ② Controlling the nail-biting habit requires individual efforts only.   ③ Anxiety and loneliness are the major causes of nail-biting.   ④ Doing needlework while watching TV can control the habit.   ⑤ Letting your hands free helps break the habit.30. 저자가 이 글을 쓴 목적을 고르시오.     Livestock do not use up grains that could otherwise feed starving people in Third World countries. The main diet of cattle is grass and hay. Pigs, chickens and other farm animals are generally fed corn and barley, while people eat mainly wheat and rice. Animals also consume pest- and weather-damaged grains and unusable grains left over from producing breakfast cereals and other human foods. Raising livestock in Canada, therefore, does not prevent us from shipping emergency supplies to people in need. Hunger today, however, is usually the result of political, economic and distribution problems, not a lack of production capacity.    ① To help starving people   ② To justify livestock-raising   ③ To explain how to feed livestock      ④ To discuss the main diet of livestock   ⑤ To produce more food(31-32) 다음 글을 읽고 아래의 물음에 답하시오.     By late November, fields in the Imperial Valley should be bursting with ripe melons ready for shipment to the markets around the U.S. Instead, 95% of this fall's crop has been lost and much of the rest lies rotting on the vine. Harvests of lettuce, broccoli, squash, etc. are threatened as well. Total crop losses in Imperial County and nearby Riverside County have already reached $90 million.  The agent of disaster is a 3-mm insect known to farmers as the Superbug. Millions of these voracious insects have spread over the Imperial Valley. Farmers first noticed the Superbug getting worse in July, and by September swarms of them looked like white clouds. They covered windshields and got stuck between people's teeth. Farm workers had trouble breathing and eventually had to wear masks. 31. 위 글의 제목으로 가장 적절한 것을 고르시오.   ① Crop Damage by the Superbug    ② Superbug and Chemicals in Use   ③ Superbug and Fruit-fly Scares   ④ Agriculture Industry in California   ⑤ Life-style of the Superbug32. 위 글에서 언급된 내용과 일치하는 것을 고르시오.   ① Imperial Valley에는 멜론수확이 바쁘게 진행되고 있었다.   ② 양상추와 같은 채소류가 가장 심한 피해를 입었다.   ③ Superbug은 사람의 통행에는 피해를 주지 않았다.   ④ 11월이 되어서야 농부들은 Superbug의 심각한 피해를 깨달았다.   ⑤ Superbug은 농부들의 호흡에도 지장을 초래하였다.  (33-34) 다음 글을 읽고 아래의 물음에 답하시오.      In 1271, seventeen-year-old Marco Polo left Venice to begin one of the most amazing odysseys of all time. Marco, along with his father and uncle, was about to enter Asia, a land completely unknown to Europe. The mysteries that Marco Polo saw and reported changed not only his life but also the lives of Europeans in general. Marco Polo was amazed by the wonders and riches he saw. The sophistication of the Orient made Europe seem        . In making porcelain, Oriental craftsmen had long used techniques unknown in the West. Throughout the empire of Kublai Khan, money made of paper was used for business transactions, something unheard of in Europe. In all, Marco Polo spent twenty-four years exploring the Eastern world from Venice to Cathay. The diary of his travels remains a remarkable tale of adventure. 33. 위 글의 내용과 일치하지 않는 것을 고르시오.    ① 그 당시 아시아는 유럽에 알려지지 않은 도자기 기술을 보유했다.   ② 그 당시 유럽에서는 지폐가 상거래에서 사용되지 않았다.   ③ 마르코 폴로는 동방세계를 24년간 탐험하였다.   ④ 그 당시 아시아 지역에는 유럽보다 부자가 더 많았다.   ⑤ 마르코 폴로는 아시아 지역 탐험에 홀로 나서지 않았다.34. 밑줄 친 부분에 가장 적절한 것을 고르시오.    ① irrelevant	② primitive		③ farther   ④ diplomatic	⑤ notable	(35-36) 다음 글을 읽고 아래의 물음에 답하시오.     Why do we behave in controlled and predictable ways? Because we are members of a society of human beings, our actions are controlled by norms that prescribe the appropriate behavior in a particular situation. Norms define how we are expected to behave in specific circumstances in a specific society. Many norms are unwritten rules that regulate even the smallest details of social life. Usually, we are not even aware that we are obeying norms; they are simply a part of us. Such norms include knowing when to speak, how to address other people, when to sit or stand and when to leave.   Norms also help society to function smoothly. They give guidelines to follow in our own behavior and help us anticipate how others will behave. Imagine how difficult life would be if we had no norms. Each time you encountered a new situation, you'd have to figure out anew how you were going to act. All of these questions are answered by our knowledge of the rules of our society. Life would indeed be stressful,        .35. 밑줄 친 부분에 들어갈 가장 적절한 것을 고르시오.   ① if there were only one way to learn norms   ② if there were many people who obey social norms   ③ if we could not rely on norms   ④ if we did not reduce the number of norms   ⑤ if we could not realize the ambiguity of norms36. 위 글의 요지로 가장 적절한 것을 고르시오.   ① 사회 규범은 인간의 행동을 예측가능하게 한다.   ② 사회 규범은 인간의 정체성을 결정한다.   ③ 사회 규범이 없으면 범죄가 기승한다.   ④ 사회 규범과 법은 구별되어야 한다.    ⑤ 우리는 남과 대화할 때 사회 규범을 따라야 한다.   (37-38) 다음 글을 읽고 아래의 물음에 답하시오.     Countless people would rather risk the flu than get injected against the virus each year. Seeing financial promise in this fear of the needle, several biotechnology companies are competing to develop alternative delivery systems, including inhaled versions of injectable drugs. A company based in New York is hoping the government will approve its nasal spray flu vaccine. Many doctors have eagerly awaited the vaccine, saying the pain-free method would encourage more vaccinations. If the company gets the approval, analysts believe drug makers will try to convert other injectable drugs, including cancer therapies. Such a breakthrough would not only make patients' lives easier, it could also prove to be a big advantage for the biotechnology industry itself.37. 위 글의 제목으로 가장 적절한 것을 고르시오.   ① Fear of the Needle    ② Financial Success of a New Flu Vaccine   ③ A Big Contribution of Drug Makers   ④ Race to Needle-Free Vaccinations   ⑤ The More Pain-free Methods, the More Vaccinations38. 위 글의 내용과 일치하는 것을 고르시오.   ① 여러 회사들이 코 흡입 감기 백신에 대한 정부허가를 획득 하였다.   ② 감기 주사 맞는 것을 싫어하는 사람은 많지 않다.   ③ 코 흡입 감기 백신 개발은 감기 예방 접종 수요를 감소시킬 것이다.   ④ 코 흡입 감기 백신을 개발한 회사들은 이미 많은 돈을 벌어들였다.   ⑤ 코 흡입 감기 백신 개발은 주사약의 대체품 개발에 영향을 미칠 것이다.(39-40) 다음 글을 읽고 아래의 물음에 답하시오.   (A)  Questions about right and wrong can be very complicated. We need an ultimate standard of conduct. But where do we find something like that? How do you choose between two actions, both of which seem wrong to you? How would you explain the basis of your standard of right and wrong to someone who disagrees with you? (B)  When we choose what to do, we use certain standards or values to guide us. We also use these values to evaluate what other people do. Our society, like all societies, suggests some standards for our behavior, the most important of which are laws and customs. Organizations we belong to, schools and churches we go to, and companies we work for also have their rules, regulations, and policies.(C)       But sometimes those are not enough, or they may conflict with each other. For example, even though it is illegal, many underage students use false IDs to buy liquor. Do you think they're doing something wrong? The traffic laws say you should stop at red lights and stop signs. But what should you do if you are rushing a sick friend to the hospital? These ethical dilemmas lead us to yet another philosophical question: How do we separate right from wrong?39. 위의 (A), (B), (C)를 이어 하나의 글로 구성할 때 가장 적절한 순서를 고르시오.   ① (B)-(C)-(A)		② (A)-(B)-(C)   ③ (C)-(B)-(A)		④ (A)-(C)-(B)   ⑤ (B)-(A)-(C)40. 필자의 글쓰는 방식을 가장 적절히 설명한 것을 고르시오.   ① 가치 판단을 내리고 있다.         ② 문제점을 제기하며 논리를 전개한다.   ③ 문제 해결 방법을 제시한다.       ④ 독자의 감정에 호소한다.   ⑤ 전통적인 논리의 약점을 파헤친다.책형을 다시 한 번 확인하십시오