# 2006_1차_2006년_영어1형

(1-4) 밑줄 친 단어와 뜻이 가장 가까운 것을 고르시오.1. Competing theories of cognitive science were argued more vehemently in the 1980s and 1990s than they are today.  ① extensively	② truthfully	③ hotly     ④ interestingly	⑤ hostilely2. Some children display an unquenchable curiosity about every new thing they encounter.  ① insatiable       ② inherent	   ③ indiscriminate  ④ incredible           ⑤ incongruous3.  Having a child out of wedlock no longer carries the stigma it did twenty-five years ago.  ① pregnancy      ② comfort      ③ pain  ④ disgrace	       ⑤ poverty4.  Another key change is the indigenous multinational companies, which have gifted the country with a huge increase of national wealth during the decade.  ① local	        ② genuine     ③ lucrative  ④ speculative  	⑤ widespread (5-10) 밑줄 친 부분 중에서 어법에 어긋난 것을 고르시오.5.  A wise ①and experienced ②administrator ③will assign a job to ④whomever is ⑤best qualified.  6. International education is now a global industry worth $30 billion a year, with ①some 2 million students ②studying abroad, ③figures ④forecast to triple ⑤by 2020.  7.  It provided a ①fascinating look ②beneath the ocean’s surface, ③emphasizing human history ④as well geology ⑤and marine biology.    8.  ①Being looked at photographs of myself and my sisters when we ②had straightened hair in high school, I ③noticed how much older we ④looked than when our hair ⑤was not processed.    9.   Consider a government agency ①that, with much fanfare, ②entered into a deal with an IT ③services provider, to which many of ④agency’s staff were subsequently ⑤transferred. 10.  We can do more than ①simply say that signs and symbols ②work on the basis of associations ③that people learn and ④that become codes ⑤which they interpret the world and function in it. (11-13)        에 들어갈 가장 적절한 것을 고르시오.  11.  This means that it is possible to make things in space that             cannot be made or are made less efficiently on earth: extremely pure crystal, for example.     ① they  ② if it  ③ either  ④ whether it  ⑤ although  12.  It is estimated that about one in three people will develop some form of cancer during their lifetimes. Fortunately           , with advances in technology, many people can overcome their illness.   ① though   ② if   ③ when   ④ but   ⑤ as if  13.  The man is alleged            the store of $3,000 in cash yesterday.   ① to rob	         ② to have robbed         ③ robbing   ④ having robbed	  ⑤ robbed  (14-15) 밑줄 친 숙어와 뜻이 가장 가까운 것을 고르시오.  14.  For many people, the environmental movement became a force to be reckoned with on April 22, 1970―the first Earth Day ever celebrated in the United States.   ① applauded      ② considered      ③ experimented   ④ impacted	  ⑤ neglected  15.  When there is violence and vengeance, it cuts across family, tribe, religion, and class.    ① affects   ② kills   ③ unites   ④ dispels   ⑤ removes (16-17)   (A)  와   (B)  에 들어갈 가장 적절한 것을 고르시오.  16.      (A)      children are not as happy as other children. Parents thinking about having just one child should keep that child’s happiness in mind and give him or her a           (B)     . One child simply does not make a family: Children need brothers and sisters.    ① Rich ― skill    ② Alone ― fortune     ③ Intelligent ― chance    ④ Diligent ― break    ⑤ Only ― sibling  17.  The ambiguous rules of the game make it extremely likely that any result will be challenged by everyone but the     (A)     . If they lose, they’re not going to accept it. We can’t see any type of     (B)     .    ① losers ― approval    ② peers ― disapproval    ③ winners ― complaint    ④ losers ― nonchalance    ⑤ winners ― consensus (18-20)        에 들어갈 가장 적절한 것을 고르시오.  18.  The author was too            a figure for us to get any detailed information.    ① prominent	② obscure		③ notorious   ④ sluggish	⑤ skillful  19.  It is a paradox that while state-funded child care and extremely long and cushy maternity benefits make it easy to be a working mother in Sweden, such benefits also have the effect of            female employment in the most profitable and powerful jobs.   ① punishing	② endorsing		③ dampening   ④ augmenting	⑤ guaranteeing20.  Most Americans are accustomed to thinking of lie detectors as foolproof―as machines that can separate the guilty from the innocent. But in fact, nothing could be further from the truth. Lie detectors can and do                     .     ① keep playing     ② get repaired     ③ produce the desired results      ④ prove successful     ⑤ make mistakes  (21-22) 다음 글을 읽고 물음에 답하시오.      According to an American columnist, anti-Japanese sentiment in South Korea has taken on particularly sharp edge among young people. He claims that they are the products of history courses that spare no detail about the pain inflicted by the Japanese occupation and that glory in the knowledge that many facets of Japanese culture reached Japan from China by way of Korea. 21. The columnist insists that                     .   ① South Koreans, especially younger people, do not fully recognize the historical lesson of the Japanese colonial period   ②   the description of the Japanese colonial period in Korean history courses has many problems   ③ it is an indisputable fact that Japanese culture was influenced by Korean culture   ④ young Koreans have unfavorable impressions toward the Japanese due to their history education   ⑤ Japan and Korea should cooperate with each other in spite of their historical experience 22. 밑줄 친 that 대신 쓸 수 있는 표현을 고르시오.   ① the one   ② the very   ③ which   ④ such   ⑤ its  (23-25) 다음 글을 읽고 물음에 답하시오.   Modern history begins when history becomes concerned with the future as well as the past. Modern man peers eagerly back into the twilight out of which he has come, in the hope that its faint beams will illuminate the obscurity into which he is going; conversely, his aspirations and anxieties about the path which lies      (A)       sharpen his insight into what lies     (B)    . (C)No consciousness of the future, no history. Between past and future, action and interaction are constant. Past, present and future are woven together in an endless chain. 23. 빈칸 (A)와 (B)에 들어갈 적절한 단어의 쌍을 고르시오.    ① between  ―  behind            ② ahead  ―  behind        ③ behind  ―  in          ④ behind  ―  ahead      ⑤ before  ―  ahead 24. 밑줄 친 문장 (C)와 의미가 같은 문장을 고르시오.    ① Though there is no consciousness of the future, there is no history.    ② Whether there is no consciousness of the future, there is no history.    ③ If there is no consciousness of the future, there is no history.    ④ Because we don’t have a consciousness of the future, history does not have any meaning for us.    ⑤  Because we ignore our past, we cannot have any insight into our future. 25. 위 문단의 주된 논지로 가장 적절한 것은?    ① In studying history, the past is more important than the future.    ② It is from the past that modern history starts.    ③ History is not possible without the present.    ④ Past and future cannot be separated from each other.    ⑤ Hope for the future is more important than studying the past. (26-27) 다음 글을 읽고 물음에 답하시오.  The idea that work is good for teenagers, no matter how miserable or time-consuming their jobs, is held with a deep moral conviction comparable to that surrounding the joys of motherhood or the benefits of apple pie. The idea has its origins in images of diligent adolescent apprentices working side by side with caring adult mentors.  Although the workplace has changed, it is still widely held that paid work is a character-building enterprise for young people―even more so than schooling.            ________ studies indicate that the sorts of characters work builds in the current workplace aren’t exactly what most of us have in mind.26. 위 글의 내용과 일치하는 것을 고르시오.    ①  It is a myth that paid work is instrumental in teenagers’ character-building.    ② Education in school now has nothing to be desired.    ③ Teenagers in general work under favorable conditions.    ④ Young students are recommended to work together with thoughtful adult supervisors.     ⑤ Teens usually benefit a lot from their mothers.27. 빈칸 ________에 들어갈 가장 적절한 것을 고르시오.    ① Yet    ② No doubt    ③ In addition    ④ Indeed    ⑤ Otherwise (28-30) 다음 글을 읽고 물음에 답하시오.   Dear Sirs,  Thank you for your letter of 10th November, enclosing your price-list. The 2 lb tins of English marmalade would not be suitable for our Brazilian customers, but we should like to buy 15,000 1 lb jars. However, there is one disadvantage when compared with local produce. Housewives here are used to a jar containing 500 grams; the English pound is only 454 grams. Therefore, we would ask you to reduce the prices quoted for quality A2 by ten per cent.  As far as settlement is concerned, we would suggest paying half the amount against your invoice on receipt of the goods, and the second half within 30 days, deducting two per cent discount.  The samples arrived yesterday, and we must admit that your marmalade is delicious. Would you kindly let us know as soon as possible if you can supply us on the terms mentioned?                                                   Yours faithfully, 28. What is the main purpose of the letter above?    ① to determine the quality of the goods ordered    ② to ask for information about the company    ③ to acknowledge the receipt of the letter    ④ to make a counter-proposal    ⑤ to inquire about the customers’ demands 29. Why does English marmalade seem expensive to Brazilian buyers?   ①  Because it is of higher quality than the Brazilian product.    ②  Because housewives in Brazil used to purchase cheaper local produce.   ③ Because it is imported all the way from England.   ④ Because the importing company adds shipping charges to the actual price.   ⑤  Because the quantity of marmalade in a jar differs between the two countries. 30. 위 글에서 언급되지 않은 것을 고르시오.    ① price reduction    ② the reason for overdue payment    ③ the taste of the samples received    ④ the amount of the buyer’s order    ⑤ terms of payment (31-33) 다음 글을 읽고 물음에 답하시오.    Indeed, there has been lots of surprisingly good news in general about caffeine and coffee. You would naturally assume that an addictive drug like caffeine must surely be bad for you, and initial studies suggested it might lead to bladder cancer, high blood pressure and other ills. More recent research has not only refuted most of those claims but also come up with some significant benefits. Caffeine appears to have some protective effect against liver damage, Parkinson’s disease, diabetes, Alzheimer’s, gallstones, depression and maybe even some forms of cancer. The only proven medical downside appears to be a temporary elevation in blood pressure, which is a problem only if you already suffer from hypertension. Some studies have also suggested a higher risk of miscarriage in pregnant women and of benign breast cysts, but those results are highly controversial.  While most of the findings about the effects of caffeine remain open to further testing, caffeine’s boosting your brainpower has been proved beyond any reasonable doubt. “As a research psychologist,” says Harris Lieberman, “I use the word intelligence as an inherent trait.” Caffeine can’t change that, Liberman says. But what it can do, he says, is heighten your mental performance. 31. 최근 연구에 의해 카페인이 예방할 수 있는 병으로 추정되는 것이 아닌 것은?     ① diabetes     ② bladder cancer     ③ Alzheimer’s      ④ gallstones     ⑤ Parkinson’s disease 32. 유일하게 입증된 것으로 보이는 카페인의 의학적 문제점은?    ① a temporary elevation in blood pressure    ② a higher risk of hypertension    ③ miscarriage in pregnant women    ④ a high risk of benign breast cysts    ⑤ leading to bladder cancer 33. 신빙성 있게 증명된 카페인의 이로운 점은?    ① improving your overall health    ② enhancing your intelligence    ③ boosting your brainpower    ④ cultivating your inherent traits    ⑤ having some protective effect against liver damage (34-35) 다음 글을 읽고 물음에 답하시오.     Much damage―both material and to humans―however, is the result of side effects of earthquakes such as tidal waves, landslides, avalanches, fires and the collapse of dams. Additionally, serious earthquakes may devastate a city’s infrastructure resulting in contaminated drinking water, impassable roads, and disruptions in the supply of power and phone service. If damage to a city’s sanitation system and disruption of food and water supplies lasts long, earthquakes can cause significant injury and death long after the shaking of the earthquake itself has subsided.  Because earthquakes are inevitable, a program of hazard reduction is the only way to combat the severe damage earthquakes can inflict on life and property. Education of the population about the dangers of earthquakes and what to do in the event one occurs are important in limiting damage.  A number of nations, particularly the US and Japan, have implemented stringent building codes which take into account the possibility of earthquakes in the design of buildings. The other way to limit the damage caused by earthquakes is the implementation of programs of emergency procedures in the event of an earthquake. These include evacuation plans, backup power sources and communications systems designed to keep citizens informed in the event of an earthquake.     34. 위에서 언급한 내용이 아닌 것은?   ① 재산과 인명상의 많은 지진 피해는 지진의 여파에 기인한다.   ② 강력한 지진은 도시의 기반시설을 황폐화시킬 수 있다.   ③ 지진 피해는 사람들에게 지진의 위험성을 교육함으로써 줄일 수 있다.   ④ 지진으로 인한 사망 피해는 지진이 끝난 한참 후에도 일어날 수 있다.   ⑤ 미국과 일본은 지진의 피해를 가장 많이 입은 나라이다. 35. 지진의 피해로 언급된 것이 아닌 것은?   ① 해일   ② 눈사태   ③ 전염병   ④ 단전   ⑤ 식수오염 (36-37) 다음 글을 읽고 물음에 답하시오.    When it comes to corporate clichés, fatigued phrases such as “mission critical” or “value added” are among the most annoying. But when it comes to annoying and dangerous, “outside the box” tops the list at least in the opinion of author and consultant Douglas Rushkoff. Rushkoff advises that when companies try to think or act “outside the box” with new packaging, advertising, acquisitions, or even CEOs, that shift in focus often results in a loss of focus. He recalls meeting with the CEO of a home electronics chain who wanted him to help devise a bottoms-up marketing strategy. But Rushkoff quickly realized the company didn’t need new marketing as much as it needed better-quality store-brand products. The company had previously outsourced all its design and manufacturing. To some, outsourcing may seem innovative, but in this case, it was cutting the company off from the in-house expertise that built the firm in the first place. “American companies are obsessed with window dressing ... afraid to look at whatever it is they really do and evaluate it from the inside out,” says Rushkoff. 36. “outside the box”에 해당하지 않는 것을 고르시오.    ① new advertising    ② window dressing    ③ inviting another CEO    ④ improving product quality    ⑤ devising new marketing strategies 37. According to Douglas Rushkoff,                     .    ①  “mission critical” is a very annoying cliché among companies    ② the companies, above all, should see their reality as it is    ③  the companies should develop what are called “value added” methods    ④  the CEO of the home electronics chain had better outsource manufacturing    ⑤  the CEO of the home electronics chain had better devise a bottoms-up marketing strategy (38-40) 다음 글을 읽고 물음에 답하시오.  Judge Richard Posner, the most prolific federal judge, quotes the Austrian-born economist Joseph Schumpeter. Schumpeter―hardly a sympathetic figure―was an elitist who believed the achievements of capitalism were threatened by the greed and ignorance of the masses. “Democracy,” as Posner describes Schumpeter’s view, “is conceived of as a method by which members of a self-interested political elite compete for the votes of a basically ignorant and apathetic, as well as determinedly self-interested, electorate.”  Is our democracy, then, entirely squalid? Not really, or not so it should bother us. Judge Posner brings to mind Winston Churchill’s quip that democracy is the worst system of government except all the others that have been tried over the years. As most people believe, “American democracy,” writes Posner, “enables the adult population to punish at least the flagrant mistakes of officialdom, to assure an orderly succession of at least minimally competent officials, to generate feedback to the officials concerning the consequences of their policies, to prevent officials from entirely ignoring the interests of the governed, and to prevent serious misalignments between the government action and public opinion.” 38. Winston Churchill implies that democracy is       tried over the years.    ① an ideal system of government    ② as bad as any other system of government    ③ as good as any other system of government    ④ worse than any other system of government    ⑤ better than any other system of government 39. According to Richard Posner, democracy can                     .    ① stop the mistakes of bureaucracy    ② make the officials more responsible for their policies    ③ make the officials do their best for the interests of the governed    ④  bring about an ideal cooperation between the government and the people    ⑤  guarantee the succession of the social system by the ablest officials possible  40. 민주주의에 대하여 나머지 넷과 가장 다른 견해를 갖고 있는 사람을 고르시오.    ① the writer    ② most people    ③ Richard Posner    ④ Winston Churchill    ⑤ Joseph Schumpeter책형을 다시 한 번 확인하십시오